[Applause]
bombshell hearing I see you're gonna
want to sit down for this you know I'm
gonna wait for the people at home to sit
down - okay well you know what we may
have finally cracked a case of the
mysterious hurricane sharpie
for those who don't know this story
earlier this week our president
incorrectly said that hurricane durian
had the state of Alabama in its sights
which was not the case durian was not
headed toward Alabama and when the media
and the Alabama Weather Service pointed
that out our thin-skinned skipper was
not pleased he dug in and insisted he
was right it was headed to Alabama he
did it over and over again and then just
when the story finally went away he
brought it roaring back to life by
showing a map he called the original map
charting the Hurricanes path and now you
can see the map had clearly been marked
with what looks like a black sharpie to
make to include Alabama in the storm
area but immediately everyone became
suspicious that this alteration was the
work of Donald J Trump according to a a
White House official who preferred to
remain anonymous we learned today the
president did indeed alter that map
himself with a sharpie he's even drawing
lies now okay who would have guessed the
guy who only signs thing in sharpie and
ordered special sharpies with his name
on them is the guy who wrote on the map
with the sharpie you know you can't
leave a toddler alone for three minutes
or he'll draw all over the walls
that's our president okay and I guess
that explains what happened to Hillary
Clinton's official White House
you know I tell you something this is a
tough time to do a comedy show people
think it's easier now it's not I mean
ordinarily that chart Trump drew that
would be the joke like our writers would
get together and they'd say all right oh
this president cares so much about being
right what if we made a chart where he
just drew on the hurricane in sharpie
but in this case he actually did do that
he's stealing our jobs and once again
today our commander in chief
meteoroligist doubled down he wrote the
fake news media was fixated on the fact
that I properly said at the beginnings
of Hurricane Dorian that in addition to
Florida and other states Alabama may
also be grazed or hit they went crazy
hoping against hope then I made a
mistake which I didn't which you did by
the way check out maps this nonsense has
never happened to another president four
days of corrupt reporting still without
an apology and he claims he doesn't know
anything about a Sharpie in fact this is
what he had to say when a reporter
sheepishly asked him about that I don't
know if you see I don't know three times
it comes true and then
remember how much we used to laugh when
the North Korean government claimed Kim
jong-il played a round of golf and made
eleven holes in one that's where we're
headed right that is and he won't let
her go he keeps bringing it up a couple
of hours ago he tweeted another video
about it it is mind-boggling that this
is what our president is thinking about
with the real hurricane on tho but it's
also a business opportunity and with
that said may I present my new
children's book this I think you're
going to love if you're a fan of the
book Harold and the Purple Crayon I give
you Donald and the magic sharp one day
President Donald decided to go for a
walk
but there were no crowds to greet him so
he used his magic sharpie to make a huge
excited crowd and then he made some
casinos but they all went bankrupt so he
made a big beautiful wall to hide them
and a friendly Mexican to pay for it
then he felt sleepy so he made a great
big bed with fried chicken and a porn
star in it he was happy
the magic Sharpie dropped to the floor
and President Donald drifted off to
sleep I'll be at the Barnes & Noble in
Secaucus signing copies of that on
Wednesday night if you like that video
click subscribe and we'll be together
until one of us dies